Update create-policy-definition.md (#126068)
Azure/azure-content: articles/governance/machine-configuration/how-to/create-policy-definition.md

> $contentUri = $blob.ICloudBlob.Uri.AbsoluteUri
> ```

## Create an Azure Policy definition

Once a Machine Configuration custom policy package has been created and uploaded, you can create the
Machine Configuration policy definition with the `New-GuestConfigurationPolicy` cmdlet.

### Parameters

> - **DisplayName**: The display name of the policy to create. The display name has a maximum length of 128 characters.
> - **Description**: The description of the policy to create. The description has a maximum length of 512 characters.
> - **PolicyId**: The unique GUID of this policy definition. If you are trying to update an existing policy definition, then this ID must match the 'name' field in the existing definition. For new definitions, generate a new GUID using the `New-GUID`
> cmdlet.
> - **PolicyVersion**: The version of the policy definition.
>         If you are updating an existing policy definition, then this version should be greater than
>         the value in the 'metadata.version' field in the existing definition.
>         Note: This is NOT the version of the Guest Configuration package.
>         You can validate the Guest Configuration package version via the ContentVersion parameter.
> - **ContentUri**: The public HTTP or HTTPS URI of the Guest Configuration package (.zip) to run via the created policy.   
>   Example: https://github.com/azure/auditservice/release/AuditService.zip  
>     Note: If you are using an Azure storage account to store the custom machine configuration package artifact, you have two options for access:  
>         1. Generate a blob shared access signature (SAS) token with read access and provide the full blob URI with the SAS token for the ContentUri parameter.  
>         2. Create a user-assigned managed identity with read access to the storage account blob containing the package.
>             Provide the resource ID of the managed identity, a local path to the zipped package, a URI to the package without a SAS token and the ExcludeArcMachines parameter.
>             With this option, once the generated policy is applied, the managed identity will be used to download the package onto the target machine.

Reviewer: Rewording and updating formatting:

```suggestion
- **DisplayName**: The display name of the policy. The maximum length for this value is 128
  characters.
- **Description**: The description of the policy. The maximum length for this value is 512
  characters.
- **PolicyId**: The unique GUID for the policy definition. If you're updating an existing
  policy definition, then this ID must match the `name` field in the existing definition. For new
  definitions, generate a new GUID using the `New-GUID` cmdlet.
- **PolicyVersion**: The version of the policy definition. If you're updating an existing policy
  definition, this version should be greater than the value in the 'metadata.version' field in the
  existing definition.

  This version is separate from the version of the Guest Configuration package. You can validate
  the Guest Configuration package version with the **ContentVersion** parameter.
- **ContentUri**: The public HTTP or HTTPS URI of the Guest Configuration package (.zip) to use for
  the policy, such as `https://github.com/azure/auditservice/release/AuditService.zip`.

  If you're using an Azure storage account to store the custom machine configuration package
  artifact, you have two options for access:
  
  1. Generate a blob shared access signature (SAS) token with read access and provide the full
      blob URI with the SAS token for the **ContentUri** parameter.  
  1. Create a user-assigned managed identity with read access to the storage account blob
      containing the package. Provide the resource ID of the managed identity, a local path to the
      zipped package, a URI to the package without a SAS token and the **ExcludeArcMachines**
      parameter. With this option, once the generated policy is applied, Machine Configuration
      uses the managed identity to download the package onto the target machine.
```

> - **ManagedIdentityResourceId**: The `resourceId` of the User Assigned Managed Identity that has read access to the Azure Storage blob containing the `.zip` Machine Configuration package file.
>   This parameter is required if you're using a User Assigned Managed Identity to provide access to an Azure Storage blob. This is the identity that is used to download the package from storage account container instead of using SaS url.
>         The value for this parameter needs to be the resource id of the managed identity.
>         This is an option to use when the package is stored in a storage account and the storage account is protected by a managed identity.
>     Note: optional parameter. If this is specified, LocalContentPath and ExcludeArcMachines must also be specified.
> - **LocalContentPath**: This is the path to the local package zip file. This is used to calculate the hash of the package.
>         The value of this parameter is not used in the policy definition.
>         Note: optional parameter. If this is specified, ManagedIdentityResourceId must also be specified.
> - **ContentVersion**: If specified, the version of the Guest Configuration package (.zip) downloaded via the content URI must match this value.
>     This is for validation only.
>     Note: This is NOT the version of the policy definition.
>     You can define the policy definition version via the PolicyVersion parameter.
> - **Path**: The path to the folder under which to create the new policy definition file.
>     The default value is the 'definitions' folder under your GuestConfiguration module path.  
>     Note: Don't specify this parameter as the path to a local copy of the package.
> - **Platform**: The target platform (Windows or Linux) for the policy.
>         The default value is Windows.

Reviewer: Rewording and updating formatting:
```suggestion
- **ManagedIdentityResourceId**: The `resourceId` of the User Assigned Managed Identity that has
  read access to the Azure Storage blob containing the `.zip` Machine Configuration package file.

  This parameter is required if you're using a User Assigned Managed Identity to provide access to
  an Azure Storage blob. This is the identity that is used to download the package from storage
  account container instead of using SaS url.

  The value for this parameter must be the resource id of the managed identity. Use this parameter
  when the package is stored in a storage account and the storage account is protected by a managed
  identity.

  When you specify this parameter, you must also specify the **LocalContentPath** and
  **ExcludeArcMachines** parameters.
- **LocalContentPath**: The path to the local package zip file. Machine Configuration uses this
  parameter to calculate the cryptographic hash of the package. The value of this parameter isn't
  used in the policy definition.
        
  This parameter is optional. If you specify this parameter, you must also specify the
  **ManagedIdentityResourceId** and **ExcludeArcMachines** parameters.
- **ContentVersion**: Specifies that the version of the Guest Configuration package (.zip)
  downloaded from the content URI must match this value. This is for validation only. This
  parameter is optional.

  This value for this parameter is separate from defining the version of the policy definition. To
  define the policy definition version, use the **PolicyVersion** parameter.
- **Path**: The path to the folder to create the new policy definition file in. The default value
  is the `definitions` folder under the **GuestConfiguration** module path.
    
  Don't specify this parameter as the path to a local copy of the package.
- **Platform**: The target platform (`Windows` or `Linux`) for the policy. The default value is
  `Windows`.
```

> - **Mode**: (case sensitive: `ApplyAndMonitor`, `ApplyAndAutoCorrect`, `Audit`) Defines the mode under which this policy should run the package on the machine. The default value is Audit. If the package has been created as Audit-only, you cannot create an Apply policy with that package. The package will need to be re-created in AuditAndSet mode.  
>         Allowed modes:  
>             Audit: Monitors the machine only. Will not make modifications to the machine.  
>             ApplyAndMonitor: Modifies the machine once if it does not match the expected state.
>               Then monitors the machine only until another remediation task is triggered via Azure Policy.
>               Will make modifications to the machine.  
>             ApplyAndAutoCorrect: Modifies the machine any time it does not match the expected state.
>               You will need trigger a remediation task via Azure Policy to start modifications the first time.
>               Will make modifications to the machine.  
>         
> - **Tag**: A hashtable of the tags that should be on machines to apply this policy to.
>         If this is specified, the created policy will only be applied to machines with all the specified tags.
> - **IncludeVMSS**: Indicates that VMSS machines should be included in the policy. True by default. You will need to set this to false if publishing policies in clouds that do not have the VMSS resource provider available.
> - **ExcludeArcMachines**: Specifies that the Policy definition should exclude Arc machines. This parameter needs to be specified if the New-GuestConfigurationPolicy is using a User Assigned Identity.
>         Enabling this parameter will signal that users are aware of exclusion of Arc enabled servers in the definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Mode**: Defines the mode under which this policy should run the package on the machine. The
  default value is `Audit`.

  The following list defines the valid values for this parameter. The values are case-sensitive.

  - `Audit` - Only monitors the machine only.
  
    In this mode, Machine Configuration doesn't modify the machine.
  - `ApplyAndMonitor` - Modifies the machine once if it doesn't match the expected state, then
    monitors the state.

    In this mode, Machine Configuration monitors the machine after the operation. To enforce the
    desired state after the initial modification, trigger a remediation task with Azure Policy.

  - `ApplyAndAutoCorrect` - Modifies the machine any time it doesn't match the expected state.
    Trigger a remediation task with Azure Policy after defining the policy. Afterward, Machine
    Configuration will regularly inspect the machine and modify state as needed.

  If the package has been created as Audit-only, you cannot create an Apply policy with that
  package. Instead, re-create the policy with this parameter set to `AuditAndSet`.
        
- **Tag**: A hashtable of the tags that should be on machines to apply this policy to.
  
  When you specify this parameter, Machine configuration only applies the policy to machines with
  every specified tag.
- **IncludeVMSS**: Indicates that VMSS machines should be included in the policy. The default value
  for this parameter is `$true`. Set this parameter to `$false` when publishing policies in clouds
  that do not have the VMSS resource provider available.
- **ExcludeArcMachines**: Specifies that the Policy definition should exclude Arc machines. This
  parameter is required when using a User Assigned Identity.

  Enabling this parameter signals that users are aware of exclusion of Arc-enabled servers in the
  definition.

  If you specify this parameter, you must also specify the **ManagedIdentityResourceId** and
  **LocalContentPath** parameters.
```

> - **Parameter**: The parameters to expose on the policy.
>         All parameters passed to the policy must be single string values.  
>         Example:
> ```powershell
>             $policyParameters = @(
>                 @{
>                     Name = 'ServiceName'                                       # Required
>                     DisplayName = 'Windows Service Name'                       # Required
>                     Description = 'Name of the windows service to be audited.' # Required
>                     ResourceType = 'Service'                                   # Required
>                     ResourceId = 'windowsService'                              # Required
>                     ResourcePropertyName = 'Name'                              # Required
>                     DefaultValue = 'winrm'                                     # Optional
>                     AllowedValues = @('wscsvc', 'WSearch', 'wcncsvc', 'winrm') # Optional
>                 },
>                 @{
>                     Name = 'ServiceState'                                       # Required
>                     DisplayName = 'Windows Service State'                       # Required
>                     Description = 'State of the windows service to be audited.' # Required
>                     ResourceType = 'Service'                                    # Required
>                     ResourceId = 'windowsService'                               # Required
>                     ResourcePropertyName = 'State'                              # Required
>                     DefaultValue = 'Running'                                    # Optional
>                     AllowedValues = @('Running', 'Disabled')                    # Optional
>                 }
>             )
> ```

Reviewer: ``````suggestion
- **Parameter**: The parameters to expose on the policy. All parameters passed to the policy must
  be single string values. For example:

   ```powershell
  $policyParameters = @(
      @{
          Name                 = 'ServiceName'                                # Required
          DisplayName          = 'Windows Service Name'                       # Required
          Description          = 'Name of the windows service to be audited.' # Required
          ResourceType         = 'Service'                                    # Required
          ResourceId           = 'windowsService'                             # Required
          ResourcePropertyName = 'Name'                                       # Required
          DefaultValue         = 'winrm'                                      # Optional
          AllowedValues        = @('wscsvc', 'WSearch', 'wcncsvc', 'winrm')   # Optional
      },
      @{
          Name                 = 'ServiceState'                                # Required
          DisplayName          = 'Windows Service State'                       # Required
          Description          = 'State of the windows service to be audited.' # Required
          ResourceType         = 'Service'                                     # Required
          ResourceId           = 'windowsService'                              # Required
          ResourcePropertyName = 'State'                                       # Required
          DefaultValue         = 'Running'                                     # Optional
          AllowedValues        = @('Running', 'Disabled')                      # Optional
      }
  )
  ```
``````

With the policy definition created in Azure, the last step is to assign the definition. See how to
assign the definition with [Portal][08], [Azure CLI][09], and [Azure PowerShell][10].

## Policy requirements for Machine Configuration definitions

> The `New-GuestConfigurationPolicy` cmdlet handles this for you, but here is more information on the internals of the generated policy definitions.
> 
> The policy definition **metadata** section must include two properties for the machine
> configuration service to automate provisioning and reporting of guest configuration assignments.
> The **category** property must be set to `Guest Configuration` and a section named
> **guestConfiguration** must contain information about the machine configuration assignment.
> 
> The following example demonstrates the **metadata** section that's automatically created by
> `New-GuestConfigurationPolicy`.
> 
> ```json
> "metadata": {
>     "category": "Guest Configuration",
>     "guestConfiguration": {
>         "name": "test",
>         "version": "1.0.0",
>         "contentType": "Custom",
>         "contentUri": "CUSTOM-URI-HERE",
>         "contentHash": "CUSTOM-HASH-VALUE-HERE",
>         "configurationParameter": {}
>     }
> }
> ```
> 
> If the definition effect is set to `DeployIfNotExists`, the **then** section must contain
> deployment details about a machine configuration assignment. The `New-GuestConfigurationPolicy`
> cmdlet creates this text automatically.

Reviewer: `````suggestion
This section describes the internals of the generated policy definitions. The `New-GuestConfigurationPolicy` cmdlet handles the prerequisites when generating a policy.

The policy definition `metadata` section must include two properties for the Machine Configuration
service to automate provisioning and reporting of Guest Configuration assignments:

1. The `category` property must be set to `Guest Configuration`.
1. The `guestConfiguration` property must contain information about the machine configuration
   assignment.

The following example shows the `metadata` section that the `New-GuestConfigurationPolicy`
automatically creates.

```json
"metadata": {
    "category": "Guest Configuration",
    "guestConfiguration": {
        "name": "test",
        "version": "1.0.0",
        "contentType": "Custom",
        "contentUri": "CUSTOM-URI-HERE",
        "contentHash": "CUSTOM-HASH-VALUE-HERE",
        "configurationParameter": {}
    }
}
```

If the definition effect is set to `DeployIfNotExists`, the `then` field must contain deployment
details about a machine configuration assignment. The `New-GuestConfigurationPolicy` cmdlet defines
this information automatically.
``````
